 Um, and then tomorrow is obviously workshop tomorrow night, but also I'm
 going to Sandringham royal palace to shoot the creepers, which came up on
 Friday as, Hey, we're going up on Tuesday.
 Can you make it?
 I'm like, yeah.
 The content's like half hour away.
 Is this two hours, two hours drive.
 So I've got a, I don't know, don't have any timings yet.
 Um, I just said I need to be back in London by, uh, five, six, um, five.
 Um, which gives me enough time to kind of prep.
 Um, I do, I do have two meeting invites in there.
 Yeah.
 One's how to run AI, how to use AI to run your content.
 And then another one is at seven.
 Was it a placeholder?
 Maybe why is all the, yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 So the, how to, I think it was maybe way back when we were first
 kind of playing around with ideas, but yeah, it's the 8 PM here.
 So 6 PM, right?
 Cause you're two hours behind.
 Um, it's just the one of how to run, uh, how to use AI to run your content.
 Yeah.
 I've got to get up there, shoot, get back down, then run the workshop.
 Um, so yeah, I'll be busy.
 And then, um, I've got, uh, I'm trying out the, trying out an editor from the
 Philippines, so he's going to come on this week and help for months, see how that goes.
 Yeah. Um, and then the rest of the week's just editing, prepping for kind of like
 close of the podcast season with Carl.
 Um, hopefully hand back from lying a rock.
 Um, in this cross, they said a couple of days around.
 Well, they've been a bit quiet, especially in the last week.
 Um, when did you have the meeting again?
 Was it when a week ago?
 I have elicits ghosted, don't be afraid to, to follow up.
 I have what I've seen a WhatsApp on Friday.
 Okay.
 Cool.
 All right.
 Nice.
 Um, and that's also just outstanding bucking payments as well.
 Hmm.
 Are they still in paid for the last work?
 I would have paid some, but still some of it's 40 days overdue.
 Um, yeah.
 Welcome to big business.
 Yeah.
 It's fucking annoying.
 It happens to every invoice with them though.
 It's like, it's getting to a point where there's point of contact.
 Um, I might actually just have to go above her because it's ridiculous.
 But yeah, she's a bit useless.
 Not that one.
 Yeah.
 Oh, absolutely.
 I mean, even passing some feedback and then if it's not any better, then if you also,
 like, I know how this is going to work, they're going to come back this week.
 Oh, okay.
 We need to shoot next week.
 I'm like, let's fucking know.
 We don't, you know, some boundaries.
 Yeah.
 Not fair, man.
 Uh, so yeah.
 Hey, there's one is, um, yeah.
 Busy week.
 So tomorrow will be interesting.
 Um, but it's okay.
 Have I, I haven't even done my slides for the work yet.
 So that was going to be my next question.
 Is how you feel for that?
 I mean, um, um, mate, I've done, I've spoken on stage in person in front of 250 people.
 I'm fine.
 Um, uh, how many people have signed up?
 So currently we have, um, nine have said yes.
 And then we have in total 24.
 Um, although one person has actually declined, um, but so 23, 22, including
 yourself, cause I assume you're on that list too.
 Um, so yeah, we'll see how it goes tomorrow in terms of people showing up.
 But yeah, I would say anywhere between nine to 10, 12 people, not too bad, man.
 Let's see what the conversion rate on those nine are.
 Yeah, that's it.
 Well, obviously some of them are already, um, members.
 Anyway, do you say conversion rate?
 Yeah.
 I just see anyway.
 Oh, I see.
 Yeah.
 I thought you mean your conversion rate.
 Cause obviously it's one of our legions for, uh, members as well.
 But, um, nice man.
 Well, do you have any questions on any of that though?
 Or are you still feeling pretty, pretty sick?
 Oh, I'm pretty sick to be fair.
 I mean, I've got, uh, I've got a run sheet and I know what I want to go through.
 Um, there she is.
 Hey, queen.
 Hey, queen.
 Um,
 made her day.
 Nice.
 Yeah.
 No, I got a good idea of how I want to run it.
 Am I prepared as I should be?
 Probably not.
 Um, but is that who I am?
 Yes.
 Well, I still run an unbelievable workshop and talk out of my house for an hour.
 Yep.
 Absolutely.
 Yeah.
 Well, it'll be amazing.
 We'll get all to value different ways.
 Yeah.
 Uh, so I'm not stressed about it to be fair, which is, um, yeah.
 It's a good place to be there.
 I like in terms of my just confidence levels of the topic.
 Um, yeah, just knowing that you, you know, right?
 So you can just jump on and it's just my bread and butter.
 Just talking shit, right?
 It's like, it's obviously valuable and it's obviously it's based.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Um, but yeah, no, I'm good.
 Um, not in a good spot.
 Obviously someone's here.
 Um,
 yeah, uh, very, very good.
 How did you get on with, um, off the back of the last voice note?
 But I think, you know, I think it was the last touch point on the
 quarterly planning doc.
 Did you take the time to listen to that?
 You grab a coffee.
 It was a 10 minute voice note.
 And I actually, I realized after that, I don't think you can pull the
 transcript rather on WhatsApp.
 And I usually download it and put it into court and it worked.
 Yeah, I was like, tell me what Lauren said.
 Oh man.
 Well, there's a little nuances and a little kind of, I did, I did listen to it.
 I did.
 But I was like, any action items can see.
 And, uh, I said, I just, I just went through any of those and, um, was just
 talking to Claude, like, uh, what is, um, I should bring on the check.
 Um, what is, uh, some, it affects something to not, uh, why pull it up.
 Did you get a new camera as well?
 I did.
 Yeah.
 Just noticed that the, um, that's calling back.
 Well, the quality is to be honest, it's pretty, pretty similar, but, uh,
 the motion detecting.
 Oh yeah.
 Um, is that Insta360?
 Um, it is supposed to be 4k.
 Yeah.
 Oh, it's definitely is crisp.
 Um, but it was the motion.
 Insta360.
 Cause I'm a 360 link to C link to C pro.
 This is, um, finally going to set up my sit up here.
 Oh, it's actually kind of better for me, um, just to throw you off.
 Uh, where did I leave this?
 Oh, yes.
 How did you get on in terms of the, cause there was a definitely, um,
 two, three, I would say key points.
 Yeah.
 From the whistle.
 Let me see where I've put it.
 Is it in here?
 Why you find that actually last thing on the workshop is, um, always
 suggest that we jump on 10 minutes early with the house, just to shake in.
 Make sure technologies are working properly.
 So yeah, sound good to you for tomorrow.
 Yeah.
 If it's easier, I've kind of already got some points around.
 Yeah, let's go through that.
 I mean, this is like, I wasn't necessarily going to bring anything up.
 I was just looking at what I was looking at.
 What Claude's feedback was, um, uh, what's genuinely useful.
 Personal brand authority positioning is the sharpest thing in the dark.
 You're perfecting back the exact blind spot.
 You flagged in yourself in section five.
 Uh, he's right that it's the gap.
 The question he poses, what do you want people to understand, believe, or associate
 with H2O of shooter, but they enter Q2 that they wouldn't see today.
 It's a good one to sit with.
 Um, still sitting with that.
 Obviously it's, it's, it's hard to, it's obviously I've had an amazing, um,
 situation where I've had two videos go up to the ballistic.
 Um, and now kind of like the question is, is what do you do with that?
 Like I've had over a half a million people view my profile, right?
 It's a lot of it.
 It's just empty. Um, so yeah, uh, I've got a good actual plan.
 And to be honest, I don't want to go into much of what that content stuff
 is until tomorrow, because a lot of what the, my something I've built for myself
 recently is a lot of what I'll show in the workshop tomorrow.
 So, um, should be cool to go through and obviously, uh, could benefit you as well.
 Um, but it did the, the did, there was actually from Claude.
 There was what Lawrence is reading wrong in the document.
 Yeah, beautiful.
 Um, most of his missing strategic layer critique applies to a different
 artifact than the one you sent.
 He sent, um, he, he's treating it as if it should be a full operating
 plan with the liberals timelines review cases, KPI tracking those things.
 I either exist in what you've built already.
 And this is obviously in my code system, your daily plan automation, weekly
 business review, weekly cashflow review, rolling 13 week cashflow review.
 Uh, they're all there, all the systems I use.
 They're just, I didn't obviously think to include those, right?
 Um, the line that stands out from Lawrence is the strategic planning
 currently spread across memory conversations and AI tools.
 That's not a weakness.
 That is the planning layer.
 You're building a cloud-based operating system explicitly to centralize it.
 I didn't fully absorb what you wrote about the AI system, which you
 didn't really, I didn't write any of that.
 Um, so to be fair, I mean, like a lot of what you kind of like suggest,
 I actually just have garbage filling already, um, which is pretty cool.
 And it works really well.
 Um, like I can show you actually how I do it.
 I don't want to waste too much time, but that's all context, man.
 So this is codecs actually, this is chatgbt's version.
 Um, and if I bring this up, so you'll see a lot of this tomorrow as well.
 Yeah.
 Um, how called code and everything else is set up is in your computer.
 You'll have these kinds of home files, which is like, I've got a few,
 because I've done these system building projects so often.
 Well, like for me, I've got HWA meta, right?
 And how all of these systems work is I'm not sure if you've built any of these yet,
 but you'll have a cloud MD file, which is everything about you and how
 each session should run.
 So every time, as opposed to being different from chatgbt or cloud online,
 like just the chat box that you use code code or codecs or open core or whatever
 system you are using for LLMs, they are all based on Markdown files and living
 in this type of folder, it's always there.
 And every single message you send, it will go through more or less all
 of the system architecture to then provide you a response that is like.
 Deeper than you could ever imagine on who you are, right?
 So like I have my voice style, I have a hard nose, routing, whatever.
 And this entire system, like if I go into each of these files,
 this is my content folder.
 There's content anchors, there's ideas, how I capture inspiration of audio,
 notes and frames, there's different platforms, strategies that I use.
 Like this is how I operate on Instagram.
 This is how I'm going to operate on LinkedIn.
 References, there's skills in all these, obviously Asian based platforms.
 Every single time I need to write a shoot plan.
 So for tomorrow I've got the Sandringham shoot, but reference the shoot plan skill.
 And these are my ideas for shoot, provide me a skill, provide me a shoot plan.
 It will know how to build a shoot plan because the instructions for how
 to build a shoot plan are all in there.
 I don't know how much work you've done on this.
 I'm sure you've seen obviously people building these, but I've gone
 deeper than probably 90% of people on it.
 So every single day I have codex give me a training review.
 So it's hooked up to my Strava.
 You're like, okay, here's your training read.
 Last seven days look pretty clean.
 Consistently decent overall, but intensity is still a problem.
 Heart rate is a bit high.
 I got it connected to zero, everything in zero is there.
 My second brain.
 So this is hooked up to that, this file and it will basically every
 single day write a daily brief.
 And it will give me what loops are closed, what's still open, right?
 And then based off that list, I'll be like, give me a task list.
 And this first one is like getting an independent contractor agreement done
 for my editor, that's built it and word bowl.
 That's up there, send that off stuff like that.
 Right.
 So a lot of this operating stuff, I think that you're probably
 pointing towards is actually already there.
 Yeah.
 It's very good to see me because I think as trying to highlight, it
 seemed like it was such a missing piece of the puzzle, right?
 Um, yeah, either we hadn't talked about it or wasn't obviously aware.
 Um, so it's good to see with like the second brain, but also the finances
 will connect to zero, I think something that's still incredibly valuable
 for you to, to even develop or build out a little bit more in there is, um,
 have it actually thinking about like your, your quarterly goals and your
 long-term goals of having it automatically send you monthly check-ins
 on how this is what you said you were going to do.
 This is what has happened.
 This is what hasn't happened.
 These are suggested actions, right?
 All the sort of stuff that I was talking about that, you know, I can support
 you on and I can help you with absolutely seeing, finding a way to
 have that built in, um, so that's yeah.
 You're having these intentional chickens and it's automatically.
 You know, that's, that's built already.
 Yeah.
 So you, how does, how does that work for you though?
 And seeing solve, are you getting monthly updates?
 Yeah.
 So how I, how I built it and it's only run once so far, but, uh, every, every
 first, every first of the month that references the Q2 Q3 final doc, and
 it will check, it will run through everything from Slack messages to
 Gmail, to Google calendar, to all I granola transcripts, like the meeting
 transcripts, basically every bit of work that I'm doing on this computer.
 Or, um, it's even hooked up to a telegram and messages I sent, it will
 know the work that I've done throughout.
 Basically any work it can see, um, it's also hooked up to Dropbox.
 So any like edits and like files and everything I upload, and I'm now
 consciously like naming things so I can see it.
 Yeah, beautiful.
 Every month it will get, it will be like, this is your output for the month.
 Here's what you worked on.
 Here's what we didn't see.
 Um, and I mean, it's fucking insane.
 It's it's pretty cool.
 Um, uh, yeah, I mean, obviously what we've wrote in the plan, a lot of it
 is really kind of longer term than Q2 Q3.
 It's like, uh, it's a, it's a vision.
 Yeah.
 We're getting there.
 Um, it's, we, we spoke about when I was in New Zealand, working on the
 business as opposed to working in it.
 Um, I feel very much like, because I'm still, I'm still having to be in the weeds.
 I've actually just had, I've actually just outsourced that for a little bit.
 It's like, boom, here's this really elite junior level assistant
 that can think about it for me.
 So I don't need to think about it for now.
 Um, but then I still get these reminders every single day.
 I get these reminders.
 Here's your open loops, whatever.
 So I feel like it's working.
 I feel like I have a lot of, um, mentally I'm freed up a little bit for sure.
 Um, and I know kind of where I want to head to it's more also just like the
 daily, like when Langarok goes quiet, it's still managing those kind of like.
 Oh shit, Langarok's done.
 There's 50% of my revenue gone.
 How, how am I going to start my outreach?
 Like kind of managing those types of internal conversations.
 But, um, hopefully that answers your question.
 I don't know.
 We're kind of getting closer towards the end.
 It does mean it does.
 It's really good.
 And I'm, you know, I'm stoked to see it because I think like I said earlier,
 it's like, that just seems like such a missing piece of the puzzle.
 Right.
 So the fact that it is there and that you are getting these chickens and that you
 are not just getting the chickens, but you're obviously spending time yourself.
 Building it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Um, I think it's fantastic.
 Is it weird, is it weird for you like knowing, like ultimately this is kind
 of what you do to help someone, right?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 In the sense.
 And then it's like, you've got your client here.
 It's like, yeah, mate, I've built it.
 Yeah.
 I've done.
 Is it, is it weird?
 No.
 Is it cool?
 Yes.
 Because the thing is, is like all of that you've described whilst it is an important
 part of like the work that I do and I still, you know, get to help people with
 that who aren't as, uh, advanced and it comes to AI, right?
 Yeah.
 It's part of, it's part of the puzzle, right?
 It's part of the piece as you've just even said, so yourself, right?
 Like there is stuff here that AI isn't the best to support you in.
 That's the stories that you're telling yourself.
 It's the emotional, you know, connection back to this work and how you can actually
 implement the strategy that it is suggesting, right?
 That's why, you know, the best businesses that are exceeding, are you, you're doing
 exactly the same in your business.
 I'm going to show you, it's AI with human, right?
 Yeah.
 With human interaction.
 Otherwise, if it's one or the other, we're already seeing companies falling behind.
 So is it, is it weird?
 Uh, I don't, I'm going to say it's weird.
 Um, I would say it's exciting, but maybe that's just my personality on things.
 That, um, so yeah, I think what you've built though, is really cool.
 And personally, it's deeper than what I've seen or even worked with anyone else on in
 terms of like, what's with businesses or companies.
 And what you've got is, is more established.
 So I think it's really cool even for my speaker to see that, um, and how you're
 using it, which is fantastic.
 But, um, yeah, cool, cool, cool.
 I also head down here though, around the golf club outreach, cause that was another
 big part to this rack in terms of the points that I had down.
 Cause I had obviously the content and your plan for your audience, how you were
 going to sort of use that.
 So I'm excited to see how that's coming together.
 Sounds like I'll hear more about that tomorrow.
 Um, obviously like the strategic planning, so the system side of it, uh, sounds like
 it's in place.
 Um, and then there was like, the other key point was around there, the golf club
 outreach, and it's just your outreach and in general from memory, it was, you're
 hoping to get things locked in and say August.
 Uh, and I think that was the, that was the push for me.
 It was this hour, you know, do we need to wait that long?
 What's the, you know, what's, what's the point sort of dragging that out?
 What can we be doing now to build?
 Why times are good, right?
 Um, yeah, yeah.
 So we're in a thoughts.
 Uh, one way I've got a whole bunch of other clubs sitting there, all the emails
 drafted, just haven't done it.
 Um, and it's so easy, like Claude just dropped all the emails with me.
 I just review and send them in all honesty, the first wave, I only got two responses
 out of like 11 clubs I sent them to, and then I've got another 20 clubs to send.
 And it's just like, I just haven't done it.
 Um, but then also at the same time, um, I wanted to just take a bit of time to
 review maybe and see what didn't work.
 I just haven't done it.
 Um, overall outreach in general, I think like my idea.
 I, I don't know how much effort I want to put into building like, sorry, let's flip
 that I would way rather put my effort into building like proper funnel, especially
 with, um, small amount of eyeballs I've got and it sounds consistent with content
 and LinkedIn and whatever, and so that's showing up presence wise and my outreach.
 I've seen make the virality of those posts.
 I worked in content I've had viral posts before for March and I've done a million
 views and stuff before, but it wasn't my business.
 Wasn't my profile wasn't my, um, product, right?
 Just nothing to do with my business, but just seeing the power that I'm like shots
 on goal, 100% if I can, if I can do that in a business sense and have like, that's
 the outreach I need to build.
 I need to build whether it's 40 people that are super engaged with a
 sub-stack or LinkedIn newsletter every month that are willing to pay me 20, 30
 quid a month for whatever that is going to do me well, orders of magnitude more
 than it would be cold calling businesses around here and barbershops, like, Hey, do
 you need a videographer?
 Yeah, I think that beautifully ties back into where I was wanting to hit and think
 about with your, your content plan or how you're actually going to be engaging with
 your audience and the outcome that you're hoping to achieve.
 So that's why I'm just kind of sitting on the edge of my chair wanting to know
 more on how that's going to tie together tomorrow, right?
 Um, cause I feel like that's the key cause you're absolutely right.
 You know, you can be sending all of these emails out.
 And I think as I even alluded to last time, what you even said last time, um, it's
 the brand, you know, that people are going to want to jump on and actually see.
 Right.
 Um, when they're like, the person, right?
 People follow people and ultimately if I can build myself into a certain person
 that people like to follow and have stories going out there and advice going
 out there and like, I can just see it snowball so quickly and yeah, it would
 be, it would be cool to become the influencer, get really famous, then get
 invited to F1 Monaco weekends, you know, like that's enough.
 It's not a buzzword.
 It's not a buzzword at all.
 Um, so yeah, obviously like that with like the, the, like the content engine and like
 building out your audience will let your personal brand, absolutely.
 Um, but yeah, cause be very interested to hear like, what's your, what's your
 thoughts, what's your, I guess, goal.
 Like, are you going to be building up you as the entrepreneur?
 Um, or is it going to be the HWL that you're building up to showcase the work
 that you've been doing, right?
 Cause again, you would see about thinking about what your ideal client actually wants
 to see, even just using the golf club people, for example, like if they're like
 a foot representation of your ideal client, that may be true.
 That may not be true, but as a, as a hypothetical them, what do they want to see?
 What do they need to connect with?
 Um, and like, I know you know all this stuff, but, um, cause then that's what's
 going to really help you distinguish what you're actually putting out there in the
 brand that you're actually going to be building, right?
 Um, like it, like I said, sorry, just, just to add context to that is it's 100%
 me first, cause seeing what happens with content, people follow people.
 People are engaged in your story and how you're in terms of how you're searching
 for X outcome in life, right?
 Having the right funnel in place will capture the right people into that funnel
 to then push them through to HWL and then HWL will have a certain identity and a
 certain amount of content going out or output going out that then allows to like
 push them further down that funnel, but it's never going to be the priority ever.
 The, the, the priority is this EOE operator living in London that loves X, Y,
 and Z wants to tell X, Y, and Z stories has X experience.
 Um, and yeah, like how I, let me just show you a little teaser of like how
 this kind of like works, like, um, this is just obsidian.
 So like all those, all these folders I was showing you, you can actually
 hook it up to obsidian, which is just a note taking app that's all based in markdown.
 So everything you can see actually, like all these folders are actually just here.
 So it's much easier way to read it.
 But like, so I've got this whole content one, right?
 Content waterfall, how one idea becomes five plus outputs.
 So like the idea is one idea of Fortnite, and I did that with one of the posts.
 I did not the arsenal post, the one in between it kept going on, um, is a longer
 form post in tech space, because if you, especially what I'm saying, you build a
 tech space audience in the next one to two years, how does AI search, how does
 AI rank, how does AI give you information?
 It can only read right now, right?
 It can visually understand stuff, but it only searches through words.
 It takes based audience that then is distilled through cinematic essays.
 In my sense, the cinematic essays, and also then shorter form reels.
 Um, so a subset or a LinkedIn newsletter each Fortnite gets turned into form B,
 which is a cinematic essay that then produces these four and like, yeah.
 So two weeks cycle idea put for Fortnite, you've got what week one would be doing
 for that piece of content here is week two, why X comes in, um, and I feel like
 this is, this is what I'll get in tomorrow.
 This is how, how would you implement the system is it can be completely native
 to you because this is built for 2026.
 This is built for how to win in today.
 Right.
 Um, now with something I probably won't go into tomorrow, is it proven, not 100%.
 Right.
 In theory, this is, um, actually to be fair, it is proven because it's based off a
 lot of research on how people are winning and I like Dan code, um, a lot of data
 behind it, it is definitely proven.
 It's more, it's not proven for me just yet, but, um, yeah.
 So, I mean, like this, a lot of this stuff talks about kind of those
 questions that you're, you're asking.
 And then I, this whole content folder is built to branch sheet.
 You've got your launch calendar, which I've done already.
 It's a bit, it's a bit messed up because I didn't expect to
 arsenal post to go viral, but all of this stuff, you've got, um, five content
 games that I'll go into tomorrow.
 Um, like this covers every piece of social media and what, uh, is important
 for each piece of content.
 There's hook frameworks, why absorbed terrain matters a seven
 Lego bricks of short form, um, platform strategies, how I capture inspiration.
 All these, I have connected voice memos to my, um, uh, cord and stuff.
 Every single one of these, uh, I just talk into my phone about something
 that inspired me and then we'll go straight into the hook library in here.
 So there's now, this was built about a month ago.
 No, not even like three weeks ago when I started, uh, just before
 I started the arsenal post and then that probably subconsciously motivated
 me to get up to the arsenal, uh, stadium and shoot and then I've kind of
 just been executing on this since.
 Um, so yeah, there's that's so unclear, but it will make sense tomorrow
 about how this all works together.
 Um, it's basically together.
 And as I can see, I can see like, so in terms of like your funnel
 that you're building now and the level of time to go into all of this
 now, but just for clarity purposes for me, man, what are the key stages
 of your funnel that you're actually building?
 So, I mean, it's kind of, it's twofold really a three, four-fold really.
 The funnel, the funnel is, uh, traditional funnel is, um, top funnel,
 middle funnel, top funnel, middle funnel, um, inner funnel.
 So you got super fans at the bottom, think long-form content.
 That's the, uh, traditional way of thinking of it.
 You've got short form rails that pushes people through the website that
 pushes people through the podcast, whatever.
 I think the funnel in 2026 is very much, uh, a rectangle as opposed to a funnel.
 If you can people, if you can get someone inside the box from any angle.
 So this angle book down here might be your YouTube, might be your long-form
 essays, might be your sub stack.
 Up here might be your, uh, sub-stack, I'm sorry, short form Instagram,
 whatever, TikTok, um, LinkedIn.
 No matter how you get someone in to the box, there's going to be another
 box in the middle I'll show you tomorrow.
 No matter, no matter how you get someone in, right?
 As long as you have all of those still pointing to the same thing,
 that thing might be just you, it might be your goal as Instagram followers.
 It might be your goal as LinkedIn subscribers.
 It might be, um, leads or whatever it is.
 I think the funnel in 2026 because of AI is so broken that it's like,
 it's very easy to kind of just make sure, however, someone gets into that box.
 Um, you've just got them pointing at the right thing.
 Um, and then there's like specific things you do.
 You've got, you've got your link trees in your, uh, you've got your lead gen.
 You've got your email newsletter or like whatever it may be.
 Um, so yeah, again, a lot of this is researched and I watch it and I've, uh,
 I've built it for myself.
 Has it been done by myself?
 No, but would it work in my head?
 100%.
 Right.
 Um, so yeah, the funnel was not actually traditionally a funnel anymore.
 I think it's very much a world.
 You build a world for your audience.
 You've got a world for whoever's paying attention to you.
 Um, attention is, uh, attention is the current aside from time is one of the
 only currency that matters in, um, today's day and age, I think.
 And, uh, yeah, I'm excited.
 It's, it's, it's all there now for me.
 It's made a, it's, it's, I'm so much clearer and I feel like host March on
 and all this experience I've done and make my own content and having stuff
 go viral, I'm very clear on what I think what will work, um, is more just about
 obviously having shots on goal, um, and doing it.
 Yeah.
 Repetition, repetition.
 Absolutely refining as you go.
 Cause I had no doubt as well, uh, like you said, you're still implementing
 yourself, but there's the data you have the experiences.
 There's, there's no reason why.
 And yes, this shouldn't work.
 Um, so very excited to see in Grosjes out tomorrow, how it's all sort of coming
 together, just for own personal understanding, I'm sure it's going to be
 a lot of value for everyone else on the call as well.
 Um, but also from the point of view of getting it clear, I understand how the
 dots are connecting for yourself in terms of the longterm, um, goal, right.
 And getting some more retainer clients, uh, so that even with like I wrote, you
 know, we don't have to have those feelings of like, are they going to sign?
 Now they're going to sign because the business will be operating
 and with all that doesn't matter if they don't.
 Yeah.
 And I think, I mean, you know me by now I, uh, you pushed me to answer these
 questions about kind of how do you play this game, this game and this game.
 It's, uh, in the least egotistical way possible.
 It's like, I'm just playing the bigger game.
 Like I can see, I am so obsessed about that bigger picture in terms of how
 everything connects and that's that systems thinking that strategic thinking
 coming in, like the answer for me is like, fuck that.
 I don't want to, I don't want to cold, cold people.
 I'm going to spend two months figuring out where my thinking is and where my
 theory is and then try to prove that and all of that works and that's going to
 pay off 10 times more than it would, you know, I've got the time I'm sitting
 here, 25, 26 years old with like nothing, but like you're just.
 Opportunity results.
 Absolutely. And that's the point of it, man.
 And that's the reason that I question.
 And I throw these challenges at you because that's why with even say the
 golf club thing was so almost out of the blue when you mentioned it last time.
 Because I was like, fuck it.
 Why don't I find 25 clubs?
 I could email through cloud code.
 Exactly.
 And it's, and it's, and it's not a bad thing, man.
 Cause it's about having fun.
 It's about trial and error, right?
 Like it's literally about having fun and just enjoying the process,
 trying new ideas that we both know that.
 Um, but this is the point is because I know, I know so much is, you know,
 stored up here in terms of what you're doing, how you're doing it, where the
 plan's taking you, um, from personal experience, the value is when we can
 actually start to articulate it out loud and we can start to bring into the real world.
 So that's the reason I do it, man.
 Because it's like, and like I often say, I know you know this.
 Yeah.
 But sometimes it's important to actually get it out and to say,
 yeah, yeah, for sure.
 And I think that's why, you know, like I'm doing a workshop and then
 obviously just, yeah, it has to be, it now has to be a buyer fraction.
 Like anyone, everyone has to have a buyer's fraction over the next 18 months.
 If you do not have a buyer's fraction over the next 18 months, you're done.
 Especially as an entrepreneur.
 And I understand that better than anyone because I'm fucking lazy as fuck sometimes.
 Hashing yourself, man.
 Because it's crazy competence though, but it's fucking, you know?
 Yeah.
 Anyway, I've got to take my station.
 I hope that covered all the points you wanted to talk about with me.
 Yeah.
 Like the cabinets, everything you wanted to talk about.
 And that you got value, my friend, as always.
 Yeah.
 Question, I don't know if you get full meeting transcripts from these meetings.
 I know you get Gemini notes.
 Yeah.
 So I reject the actual transcript, I reckon that we're saying, like the recordings.
 Yeah.
 Is that what you mean?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Do you get those?
 Yeah.
 Do you mind sending me that?
 And when you just, if it's a PDF or Markdown file or...
 Yeah, absolutely.
 Mine wasn't recording for whatever reason.
 I feel like there's a few points that will help in that final workshop that I put in there.
 Yeah, you do, man.
 We'll do.
 Cool. All right. Well, I'll see you in the sixth of tomorrow.
 Yeah, maybe.
 I'm excited.
 Maybe.
 That's gonna be good.
 Catch you later, eh?
 Have a good day.
 Thank you too, mate.
 Bye.
